# [Weapons Of Destruction](https://web.archive.org/web/19990831095505/http://telefragged.com/weapons/)

The Weapons Of Destruction mod is the sure cure for the deathmatch
doldrums.  How could one get bored, what with laser-tripped grenades,
lasersight-guided rocket launchers, machine-rocket guns, freeze rays,
cataclysm grenades, flamethrowers, machine shotguns, tractor/pressor
beams, and so much more.  Every match turns into complete joyful chaos.
Everyone leaves grinning maniacally from ear to ear.

This mod is not for the snooty sophisticates, the Old Guard, or
hoity-toit programming and modeling gurus.  This mod is for the chaos
freaks, the nutballs, the closet terrorists, and anyone else that could
care less about a bunch of "rules", and just wants to have a fragging
good time.  Weapons Of Destruction is all about one thing...FUN!
Something that seems to be missing in the vast majority of mods out
there...no matter how cutting-edge or sophisticated they think they
are.

So enough marketing already...

This repo contains the source code for Weapons Of Destruction, from
versions 5.4 to 6.08, and now, a fixed version that works well with
[Yamagi Quake II](https://github.com/yquake2/yquake2). The Linux build
has been reasonably tested; I haven't made a Windows build of it yet.

## Installation

The Makefile is based on the one for
[Rogue](https://github.com/yquake2/rogue), so if you can build that,
you should be able to build this with no problem. If you've installed
other Quake II mods, these instructions should sound very familiar.
After building the shared object, create a "weapons" directory in your
Quake II installation directory (i.e. the directory that contains
"baseq2"), move the shared-object there, then copy all the files from
inside the "resources" directory and put them in "weapons" too.

## Support

Not likely. :rofl: But if you made modifications to Weapons Of
Destruction way back in the day, and would like to host the code here,
you can always submit your changes here as a branch.
